fixing extended trial dates (#9316)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/dbt-state-setup.md

   Once started, you cannot pause the trial. After 30 days, you must add a credit card or enterprise contract to continue. For more information, refer to [dbt State usage and pricing](/docs/platform/billing#dbt-state-usage).

      :::info Extended trial for state-aware orchestration users

>       If you're using state-aware orchestration prior to June 1, 2026, your dbt State trial will be extended until the billing period begins on September 1, 2026. If you don't see the extension, contact your account team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you're using state-aware orchestration prior to June 1, 2026, your dbt State trial will be extended until the billing period begins on September 1, 2026. If the extension isn’t applied to your account, contact your account team.
```
